(LOOΠΔ has arrived at Jeju Island!)
Kim Lip: We've just arrived at Jeju!
Kim Lip: The wind is blowing as expected!
JinSoul: Jeju is famous for wind, women and rocks!
JinSoul: Do you know it?
Choerry: Of course I know it!
Kim Lip: Here we have women and wind.
JinSoul: The only left thing to do is to find rocks!
Choerry: Rocks?
JinSoul: Do you know what kind of rocks is most famous here?
Choerry: Dol hareubang. Definitely~~~!!
(*Dol hareubang is large rock statue found on Jeju. It is made of basalt rocks. 'Dol hareubang' means Stone Grandfather in Korean.)
JinSoul: So, what kind of rocks?
(*The Jeju island was created by volcanic eruptions. Because of this, there are basalt rocks everywhere)
(They are training Choerry to be strong!)
Kim Lip: No. Don't shoot it! We have to protect her.
Choerry: See you later~
(They're on their way to a hotel~!)
Choerry: There are a mirror and a television!
Choerry: There are a mirror and a television! T
Choerry: There are a mirror and a television! TV!!!
HaSeul: (Stop filming!) See you~
JinSoul: Wow~ It's so cool!
(Kim Lip & JinSoul are so excited because it was first time to film a MV in far-away location!)
Kim Lip: Such a great place for mirrror selfie!
Kim Lip: 1, 2, 3!